Clear_The_Line.md, before:

Capo 0

	D7

	G C
	oh mickey, would you please clear the line, I need to take this call
	A7 D7
	it's the doctor and he's gonna save us all
	oh if you don't hang up, we cannot start the show
	it's been an hour baby and i'm still on hold

	G A7 D7 G
	In case of an emergency
	time travel seems to me
	like the fastest way to get from A to B // like a splendid way to get from A to B

	G A7 D7 G
	In case you're facing cyber men
	or dalek ships approach
	you can rely on dual hearted support

	C5 C6
	you don't seem too frustrated
	G5 G6
	'bout it going down
	C5 C5
	you don't seem too frustrated
	D7
	but i do-o

	so please clear the line ...

----

Capo II-IV

	A7

	D G
	oh mickey, would you please clear the line, I need to take this call
	E7 A7
	it's the doctor and he's gonna save us all
	oh if you don't hang up, we cannot start the show
	it's been an hour baby and i'm still on hold

	D E7 A7 D
	In case of an emergency
	time travel seems to me
	like the fastest way to get from A to B // like a splendid way to get from A to B

	D E7 A7 D
	In case you're facing cyber men
	or dalek ships approach
	you can rely on dual heart support

	G5 G6
	you don't seem too frustrated
	D5 D6
	'bout it going down
	G5 G5
	you don't seem too frustrated
	A7
	but i do-o

	so please clear the line ...

Commit message:

Added part names to "clear the line"

Clear_The_Line.md, after:

Clear the line
==============

Capo 0

### Intro

	D7

### Part A

	G C
	oh mickey, would you please clear the line, I need to take this call
	A7 D7
	it's the doctor and he's gonna save us all
	oh if you don't hang up, we cannot start the show
	it's been an hour baby and i'm still on hold

### Part B

	G A7 D7 G
	In case of an emergency
	time travel seems to me
	like the fastest way to get from A to B // like a splendid way to get from A to B

	G A7 D7 G
	In case you're facing cyber men
	or dalek ships approach
	you can rely on dual hearted support

### Part C

	C5 C6
	you don't seem too frustrated
	G5 G6
	'bout it going down
	C5 C5
	you don't seem too frustrated
	D7
	but i do-o

### Part A

	so please clear the line ...

----

Capo II-IV

### Intro

	A7

### Part A

	D G
	oh mickey, would you please clear the line, I need to take this call
	E7 A7
	it's the doctor and he's gonna save us all
	oh if you don't hang up, we cannot start the show
	it's been an hour baby and i'm still on hold

### Part B

	D E7 A7 D
	In case of an emergency
	time travel seems to me
	like the fastest way to get from A to B

	D E7 A7 D
	In case you're facing cyber men
	or dalek ships approach
	you can rely on dual heart support

### Part C

	G5 G6
	you don't seem too frustrated
	D5 D6
	'bout it going down
	G5 G5
	you don't seem too frustrated
	A7
	but i do-o

### Part A

	so please clear the line ...
